README.md, before:

# I'm CaptainBear (aka Will)

#### Stuff you should check out:
- [pig](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/pig)
   - A Git repository package manager for Linux coded in Rust
- [MinecraftServerManager](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/MinecraftServerManager)
   - A commandline application for managing Minecraft servers
- [CrazyWillBear.github.io](https://CrazyWillBear.github.io) [(repo)](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/CrazyWillBear.github.io)
   - My personal website

#### How to reach me:
- <img src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/discord-logo-png/discord-u2013-swiss-geeks-23.png" width="16" height="16" /> Discord: [@white boy#1607](https://discord.com/users/480455714272444426)
- <img src="https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/linecons-free-vector-icons-pack/32/mail-512.png" width="16" height="16" /> Email: [crazywillbear@gmail.com](mailto:crazywillbear@gmail.com)
- <img src="https://instagram.com/static/images/ico/favicon-192.png/68d99ba29cc8.png" width="16" height="16" /> Instagram: [@captainbear_will](https://www.instagram.com/captainbear_will/)

![alt text](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/CrazyWillBear/blob/main/github-metrics.svg)

Commit message:

Add blockchain-example to project section

README.md, after:

# I'm CaptainBear (aka Will)

#### Stuff you should check out:
- [pig](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/pig)
   - A Git repository package manager for Linux coded in Rust
- [blockchain-example](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/blockchain-example)
   - An example of a blockchain (on a small scale) coded in C++ for educational purposes.
- [MinecraftServerManager](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/MinecraftServerManager)
   - A commandline application for managing Minecraft servers
- [CrazyWillBear.github.io](https://CrazyWillBear.github.io) [(repo)](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/CrazyWillBear.github.io)
   - My personal website

#### How to reach me:
- <img src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/discord-logo-png/discord-u2013-swiss-geeks-23.png" width="16" height="16" /> Discord: [@white boy#1607](https://discord.com/users/480455714272444426)
- <img src="https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/linecons-free-vector-icons-pack/32/mail-512.png" width="16" height="16" /> Email: [crazywillbear@gmail.com](mailto:crazywillbear@gmail.com)
- <img src="https://instagram.com/static/images/ico/favicon-192.png/68d99ba29cc8.png" width="16" height="16" /> Instagram: [@captainbear_will](https://www.instagram.com/captainbear_will/)

![alt text](https://github.com/CrazyWillBear/CrazyWillBear/blob/main/github-metrics.svg)
